all right guys this this chakra would
another block and there's something
really crazy is going on in my city
right now and I've took my bicycle and I
went out to the market square because
stuffs going down there so you know
about German efficiency right and I want
to show you how we move houses in
Germany now check that out yeah so
there's a crane and the crane pretty
much that's the full house hanging on
there you know in Germany houses I
extremely solid you know if there's a
hurricane coming or something they can't
be touched
yeah that means you can just go in there
with a crane and pretty much lift a
whole house move it around and there it
is it's hanging there and yeah I'm gonna
try to get around so you can see it
better but it's pretty badass right you
can even see there some roots hanging
out from below let me zoom in you shall
see it below you see that right here so
yeah obviously the house was standing
there for quite a long time yeah just
hanging there
this massive crane it's also like a
special German crane you know super
durable steel it's called German German
coupe steel and yeah this way it's
possible to have two super tiny crane
lifting a whole house so yeah let's
let's get closer and I'll give you a
better look at it but that's pretty
crazy right all right made it over to
the other side of the street there's no
danger you know can't fall down it's
rock solid German technology and then
I'm going in close to you so you can
have a better look
it whole house floating she's spinning
and turning a bit and yeah they're about
you know a big truck is about to come in
and they're gonna pick it up move it to
another place we have a huge
construction site here in the city SEC
and yeah that's the house floating seek
a yeah just spin in there this is so
crazy
I was like what is that even possible
here but they did it
that's Germany for you the floating
house on a message cream Wow